The 7-1 pattern rule
7 different folder for a partial sass file and one
main sass file to import all other files into
a compiled css stylesheet

THE 7 FOLDERS
.base/
.components/
.layout/
.pages/
.theme/
.abstracts/
.vendors/


SASS
Sass is a css pre processor
Main features of sass
Varirables: for resuable values such as colors, font sizes, spacing, etc.
Nesting: to nest selectors inside one another, allowing us to write less code.
Operators: for mathematical operations right in css code.
Partials and Imports: to write css in different files and importing them all in one single file.
Mixins: to write resuable pieces of CSS code.
Functions: si,iliar to mixins, with the difference that they produce a value that can be used.
Extends: to make different selectors inherit declerations that are common to all of them.
Control directives: for writing complex code using conditionals and loops (not covered in this course)

SASS syntax
We have one that uses curly braces, scss and the one that doesn't that's sass.


Brief command line
cd filename/foldername to navigate into a folder or file
dir to view the directory of a file, i.e folders and files contained in a folder
cd .. to go back to the folder directory
mkdir foldername to make a folder
touch filename to make a file you can specify multiple filename, i.e create multiple files on a go
touch filename1 filename2 filename3

Copying files with cl
cp filename

To go back a folder one level above use cd..

To move a file to another directory
mv filename ..

To delete a file : del filename

Installing sass with npm
First create a package.json file by typing npm init
Now to finally install our sass compilier
npm i node-sass --save-dev

Getting started with sass, add "compile:sass":"node-sass sass/main.scss css/style.css"
to the script in your package.json file
Then to begin compilation, on your terminal type npm run compile:sass
To prevent you from always running the command on the terminal, add a watch flag:
"compile:sass":"node-sass sass/main.scss css/style.css -w", you must also run the commad atleast once

Installing live server through the command line globally, use:
npm i live-server -g

